bclk                           i ppd
bclkb                          n bb
gin_dsp_a                      i b
gin_dsp_b                      i b
gin_io_a                       i b
gin_io_b                       i b
gin_labcell_a                  i td
gin_labcell_b                  i td
gin_m10k                       i b
gout_a                         i ppd
gout_b                         i ppd
gout_c                         i ppd
gout_d                         i ppd
gout_dsp                       i ppd
gout_io_a                      i ppd
gout_io_b                      i ppd
gout_labcell_a                 n ppd
gout_labcell_b                 n ppd
gout_labcell_c                 n ppd
gout_labcell_d                 n ppd
gout_labcell_e0                n ppd
gout_labcell_e1                n ppd
gout_labcell_f0                n ppd
gout_labcell_f1                n ppd
gout_m10k                      i ppd
h14_a                          n ppdb
h14_b                          n pdb
h3_a0                          n ppdb
h3_a1                          n pdb
h3_b                           n pdb
h6_a0                          n ppdb
h6_a1                          n pdb
h6_b                           n pdb
h6_d                           n bb
hclk                           i ppd
hclkb                          n bb
ld                             i td
pclk_a                         n bb
pclk_b                         n bb
pclk_c                         i b
sclk                           i b
sclkb1_a                       n bb
sclkb1_b                       n bb
sclkb2_a                       i b
sclkb2_b                       i b
tclk_a                         i pd
tclk_b                         i pd
tclk_c                         i pd
td_dsp_0                       n ppdb
td_dsp_1                       n pdb
td_io_a0                       n ppdb
td_io_a1                       n pdb
td_io_b                        n ppdb
td_lab_a0                      n ppdb
td_lab_a1                      n pdb
td_lab_b0                      n ppdb
td_lab_b1                      n pdb
td_m10k_0                      n ppdb
td_m10k_1                      n pdb
tdmux_a                        i ppd
tdmux_b                        i ppd
v12_a                          n ppdb
v12_b                          n pdb
v24_a1                         n pdb
v2_a0                          n ppdb
v4_a0                          n ppdb
v4_b                           n pdb
xclkb1_a                       i b
xclkb1_b                       i b
xclkb1_c                       i b
xclkb2a_a                      i b
xclkb2a_b                      i b
xclkb2a_c                      i b
xclkb2b_a                      i b
xclkb2b_b                      i b
xclkb2b_c                      i b
